At the beginning of this section we added some e m r emphasis tags around this word
in the browser.
This word is shown in italics.
The emphasis tag is used to mark up a text that has emphasis are words that you might stress when you
speak them.
For example we also have this strong tag team L. to add strong emphasis to some text.
Let's add some strong emphasis to some text in our code in the browser.
This is rendered as bold text.
So what's the difference.
The e m r emphasis tag is used to change the meaning of a sentence.
For example I really love biscuits this is I really love biscuits.
The strong tag is used to give parts of a sentence added importance for example.
This is very dangerous vs..
This is very dangerous.
In the browser emphasized text is rendered as italic and strongly emphasize text is rendered as bold.
You might be thinking that using these tags is how we make text bold italic and although these tags
do indeed do that.
This is not what they're for.
Remember.
Fine now we're just semantically marking up the document telling the browser that this is emphasized
text.
And this is strongly emphasized text.
The browser decides how to display this which by default is using italic and bold.
However a browser that's converting this text to audio and reading it out loud for example will want
to know.
It's emphasized so it can say it differently and you might want to emphasize text to be highlighted
differently instead of italic and bold.
For example read and underlined so it fits in with the design of your website.
We'll see later on how to do this.
There are bold and italic tags in next year mail which used to be just presentational elements used
to display text as bold and italic.
Nowadays you can still use them and they have a similar function so the E M and strong attacks.
But personally I prefer to use the E M and strung tags as them or semantic.
Finally in this video note that tags like this can not be used in the title tag in the head section
that we saw earlier were only allowed to put text in the pages title.